Update init.rst cycled coupled IC info (#1562)
NOAA-EMC/global-workflow: docs/source/init.rst

Cycled ATM w/ Coupled (S2S) model
*********************************

> Warm-start cycled w/ coupled (S2S) model C48 atmosphere C48 enkf (80 members) 5 degree ocean/ice ICs are available in the following locations on supported platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warm-start cycled w/ coupled (S2S) model at C48 atmosphere and 5 degree ocean/ice ICs for deterministic and ensemble (80 members) are available in the following locations on supported platforms:
```

::

   Hera: /scratch1/NCEPDEV/global/glopara/data/ICSDIR/C48C48mx500
   Orion: /work/noaa/global/glopara/data/ICSDIR/C48C48mx500
   WCOSS2: /lfs/h2/emc/global/noscrub/emc.global/data/ICSDIR/C48C48mx500
   Jet: /lfs4/HFIP/hfv3gfs/glopara/data/ICSDIR/C48C48mx500

Start date = 2021032312

.. note::

>    The EnKF member ICs are dummy duplicates of the deterministic at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ensemble ICs are dummy duplicates of the deterministic at the moment.
```
